---
title: "Two legs"
date: "May 31 - Jun 7, 2026"
week: 21
---


The Gen-Z president of Korea is Lee Young Ji.

She is tall, crass and crude — and stands to buck every norm that Korea has.
She hosts a popular show online named “with nothing prepared” where she chats with other celebrities.

The guest this time was a female idol, who recently went through a vitriolic cycle of hate by the Korean masses. The Internet can be a cruel place, and that is exemplified nowhere better than in Korean message boards where anonymity and toxicity are the two rules of the game.

Young Ji said something.
> People will hate you, and people will love you, and you will want to find the reasons why. You’ll ask yourself "is it the way that I look?", "is it what I’m doing?", "should I change who I am?" But the truth is, people are fickle. Sometimes they’ll say "oh my gosh, you have two legs, I love you!" and the week after they’ll say "oh my gosh, you have two legs, I hate you!"

I think I wanted to hear those words.
A founder and an idol are disparate careers, for more reasons than I can list, but the two professions share the _need to be wanted_.

&nbsp;

When we post a “Show HN”, we want that post to do well.
We want people to chime in and to say “nice job!”, “this is exactly what I was looking for”, and for the post to go viral and shoot into the stratosphere.

That is much less psychologically distressing than being a 15-year old dancing on national TV asking for affection, but it is hard nonetheless.

We get attached to what we do; we spend our days looking at it, thinking about it, and working on it.
We put ourselves in our work — and that is dangerous, our work is not us, but it is also inextricable.

It is hard for me to imagine somebody caring about what they do not feeling some degree of attachment to it.
There is perhaps a person who is truly nonplussed and disaffected by the reactions of the public (Mikkel comes pretty close), but that isn't me. 

&nbsp;

I care about what people think.
If it is critical, I will ask myself: what is it that we missed and what could we do better?
If it is positive, I will be a bit giddy and a bit proud of myself too.

Our worth as a company is defined by our customers — so how do I not?

&nbsp;

What grounds me are my two legs.
I have two legs — and I can’t really cut them off, can I.

There are certain values that we cannot change about ourselves.
That might prohibit us from being particularly viral or wanted, but that’s not the point.
The point is to be true to who we are.

&nbsp;

San Francisco likes to ask this odd question of what your most controversial belief is.
It is also odd that that crowd seems the most vulnerable to being influenced by mimetic behavior and the trends that swoop that VCs.

But regardless, I will entertain it today.
Our most controversial belief is that we think software still counts — and we think we can build it better.

It is a bit strange that that is our “why now?”
It goes in direct opposition to canonical startup theory, that markets are efficient and that in direct competition with an entrenched incumbent, you cannot compete in the same way. It is easy to throw your faith in AI, that “we will be successful because we use AI, and AI is new and great and grand.”

It is hard to trust yourself, but as scary as it is, we do.
These are our two legs and we’ll walk with them.

Thank you,
—baepaul.
